Darkness is trying to set in Mystery Babylon.
I'm telling you, great Mystery Babylon.
It will be like a dark blanket will blanket thee.
If they choose this man (Zohran Mamdani), I see a dark blanket blanketing, and people will flee.
I hear the word flee.
They will leave by the tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands.
They will leave.
People, I see them fleeing if he's voted in.
People will know that this is the end.
Father, you know if he'll be voted in or not; what I'm hearing you say is what I'm seeing is going to happen.
He said, "No, they still have a choice.
They have a choice to vote.
" He's held a veil.
I don't see the outcome, but I see the outcome if they vote this way concerning this man.
I see a dark cloud; it's a dark blanket over them.
And I see financial structures falling.
I see the financial institutions and all the money falling.
I see a fleeing of the city, like people saying, "We're out of here!
" I see it's like a mass migration of people coming.
People fleeing certain areas.